packages/miniapp-runtime/README.md, before:

# `@ice/miniapp-runtime`

> Forked from [@tarojs/runtime](https://github.com/NervJS/taro/tree/next/packages/taro-runtime) with respect ❤️
> Licensed under the MIT License
> https://github.com/NervJS/taro/blob/next/LICENSE

ICE 小程序运行时。连接框架（DSL）渲染机制到小程序渲染机制，连接小程序路由和生命周期到框架对应的生命周期

## 核心 API

### createPageConfig()

暴露给 `@ice/miniapp-loader/page` 调用，在小程序页面文件中调用，创建一个小程序 `Page` 构造函数接受的小程序页面规范对象。

### window

在小程序端模仿浏览器的 `window` 实现的对象，在浏览器环境中返回浏览器本身的 `window`。此对象通过 Webpack 的 [ProvidePlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/provide-plugin/) 注入到全局对象以供第三方库调用。

### navigator

在小程序端模仿浏览器的 `navigator` 实现的对象，在浏览器环境中返回浏览器本身的 `navigator`。此对象通过 Webpack 的 [ProvidePlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/provide-plugin/) 注入到全局对象以供第三方库调用。

### document

在小程序端模仿浏览器的 `document` 实现的对象，在浏览器环境中返回浏览器本身的 `document`。此对象通过 Webpack 的 [ProvidePlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/provide-plugin/) 注入到全局对象以供第三方库调用。

### Current

暴露给开发者的全局变量，目前有三个属性：

* `Current.app`，返回当前小程序应用实例，非小程序端返回小程序规范应用实例，可通过此实例调用小程序规范生命周期。
* `Current.page`，返回当前小程序页面实例，非小程序端返回小程序规范页面实例，可通过此实例调用小程序规范生命周期。
* `Current.router`，返回当前小程序路由信息，非小程序端返回小程序规范路由信息

### Events

消息机制

Commit message:

chore: optimize (#676)
* chore: optimize with rax-compat docs

* refactor: add mock express types dependency

* refactor: change usage for definePageConfig

* chore: change docs

* docs: ICE to ice.js

* fix: templorary remove the type

* chore: handle with lint problems

* fix: lock file

packages/miniapp-runtime/README.md, after:

# @ice/miniapp-runtime

> Forked from [@tarojs/runtime](https://github.com/NervJS/taro/tree/next/packages/taro-runtime) with respect ❤️
> Licensed under the MIT License
> https://github.com/NervJS/taro/blob/next/LICENSE

ice.js miniapp runtime. Connect the framework (DSL) rendering mechanism to the miniapp rendering mechanism, and connect the miniapp routing and life cycle to the corresponding life cycle of the framework

## Core API

### createPageConfig()

Expose to `@ice/miniapp-loader/page` calls, called in the miniapp page file, to create a miniapp page specification object accepted by the miniapp `Page` constructor.

### window

An object that imitates the browser's `window` implementation on the miniapp side, and returns the browser's own `window` in the browser environment. This object is injected into the global object via Webpack's [ProvidePlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/provide-plugin/) for third-party libraries to call.

### navigator

An object that imitates the browser's `navigator` implementation on the miniapp side, and returns the browser's own `navigator` in the browser environment. This object is injected into the global object via Webpack's [ProvidePlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/provide-plugin/) for third-party libraries to call.

###document

An object that imitates the browser's `document` implementation on the miniapp side, and returns the browser's own `document` in the browser environment. This object is injected into the global object via Webpack's [ProvidePlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/provide-plugin/) for third-party libraries to call.

### Current

Global variables exposed to developers currently have three properties:

* `Current.app`, returns the current miniapp application instance, and the non-mini program side returns the miniapp specification application instance, which can be used to call the miniapp specification life cycle.
* `Current.page`, returns the current miniapp page instance, and the non-miniapp side returns the miniapp specification page instance, which can be used to call the miniapp specification life cycle.
* `Current.router`, returns the current miniapp routing information, and the non-miniapp side returns the miniapp specification routing information
